**INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO CREATE AN EAGLE SCHEMATIC FILE THAT HAS ALL THE REQUIRED PROPERTIES FOR THE FUSION 360 GUI **

USING A PRE-EXISTING EAGLE LIBRARY:
In order to use a pre-existing library, such as Texas Instruments library, do the following steps to ensure the creation of a proper schematic.
1.) Select FILE, and under NEW, select "Library".
2.) You will see 3 columns, Device, Package and Symbol. Click on "Add Device...".
3.) In the window that opens up, click on "Import..."
4.) In the "Import Device" window, select the library that you want to use and click on "Ok"
5.) A new window will be created. Click on the "Table of Contents" button that looks like an open book, right below "View".
6.) You will be back in the 3 columns window but now the columns will be filled.
7.) So from here, basically what you're going to do is, for each Package, you will make a Device and a Symbol corresponding to that Package.
8.) So, what you do is, right click on any device already in the Device column and select "Duplicate" and give it 
a name corresponding to one of the Packages not already mentioned in the Device column.
9.) Repeat Step 8 for the Symbol column.

ie.
| Device  |   Package   |   Symbol    |
   VG32         VG32         VG32
                VG32B         
                VG32K        
                VG32BK         
                VG32P         

Should become:
 | Device  |   Package   |   Symbol    |
    VG32         VG32         VG32
    VG32B        VG32B        VG32B
    VG32K        VG32K        VG32K
    VG32BK       VG32BK       VG32BK
    VG32P        VG32P        VG32P

10.) Once step 8 and 9 are done, double-click the first device. You will see a list of packages on the right side.
11.) For each of those packages, right-click the ones that don't belong and select "Delete".
ie. for device VG32, you will see 5 packages, VG32, VG32B...etc. but the only one that belongs is VG32.
    for device VG32BK, the only package that belongs to it is VG32BK.

12.) Now, for the package inside each Device, select it, and click on the blue "Attributes" in the bottom of the window. Click on "New".
Then, enter "HEIGHT" in "name" row and the value for the height of the component in the "value" row. Then, click on "Ok" and then on "Ok" again.
Also right click on the package inside of each Device, select "Rename" and provide the same name as the Device it belongs to.
13.) Once all the packages have a height value, click on the Save button and give it a name. This doesn't have to be the same as the Device/Package/Symbol name.

14.) Now, Click on the "Table of Contents" button that looks like an open book, right below "View" again.
For EACH PACKAGE in the Package column, do the following:
  a.) double click it, to open it.
  b.) Click on "Layer Settings" button in toolbar. Looks like 3 colored squares on top of each other.
  c.) In the "Layer Settings" window, click on the "+"(plus) sign, enter "Perimeter" in the "name" field and 
select any bright color you like. The layer number doesn't matter, it can be left as whatever default value it has.
  d.) Once that is done, click on "Ok" and "Ok" again to close both windows.
  e.) Select the "Draw lines" button and then select "Perimeter" layer.
  f.) Draw a line along the top most edge, from the TOP LEFT corner to the BOTTOM LEFT corner and then click on the red "X".
  g.) Repeat steps e and f in COUNTER-CLOCKWISE direction until all the edges of the component are drawn with the Perimeter layer.
  Make sure to draw line by line, otherwise the Fusion 360 software won't pick the shape up.
  h.) Click on the Save button.
 
15.) Click on Save once back in the "Table of Contents" window to save the library. Close the window when done.
16.) Back in Eagle, create a new Schematic file.
17.) In the new Schematic file, select the "Add a part". In the new window, click on "Manage Libraries", then on "Browse" and select your custom library.
Close the "Manage libraries" window.
18.) Back in the "Add a part" window, scroll down to your library, expand it and select the desired device and click on "Ok".
19.) Place your device wherever you want and once you're done, click on the red "X".
Repeat for other devices you want added on your schematic file.
20.) To connect the pins/leads of each component, select the "Draw an electrical connection" button and connect the desired pins/leads.
21.) Once that is done, save the schematic file and you're done.
